feat: fcc-todo-app (#51367)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo/64fefebad99209211ec30537.md

---
id: 64fefebad99209211ec30537
title: Step 48
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-48
---

# --description--

> If you check the `Application` tab of your browser console, you'd see that what you have there is a series of `[object Object]`. That's because everything you save in `localStorage` has to be a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you check the `Application` tab of your browser console, you'll see a series of `[object Object]`. That's because everything you save in `localStorage` has to be a string.
```
